{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 6b9faf5bc2c02434f74c90d0d10a3d7808091fb6 | Plasma membrane anion exchangers (AEs) regulate myocardial intracellular pH (pHi) by Na+-independent Cl\uc0\u8722 /HCO3\u8722  exchange. Angiotensin II (Ang II) activates protein kinase C (PKC) and increases anion exchange activity in the myocardium. Elevated anion exchange activity has been proposed to contribute to the development of cardiac hypertrophy. Our Northern blots showed that adult rat heart expresses AE1, AE2, AE3fl, and AE3c. Activity of each AE isoform was individually measured by following changes of pHi, associated with bicarbonate transport, in transfected HEK293 cells. Exposure to the PKC activator, PMA (150 nmol/L), increased the transport activity of only the AE3fl isoform by 50\'b111% (P <0.05, n=6), consistent with the increase observed in intact myocardium. Cotransfection of HEK293 cells with AE3fl and AT1a-Ang II receptors conferred sensitivity of anion transport to Ang II (500 nmol/L), increasing the transport activity by 39\'b13% (P <0.05, n=4). PKC inhibition by chelerythrine (10 &mgr;mol/L) blocked the PMA effect. To identify the PKC-responsive site, 7 consensus PKC phosphorylation sites of AE3fl were individually mutated to alanine. Mutation of serine 67 of AE3 prevented the PMA-induced increase of anion transport activity. Inhibition of MEK1/2 by PD98059 (50 &mgr;mol/L) did not affect the response of AE3fl to Ang II, indicating that PKC directly phosphorylates AE3fl. We conclude that following Ang II stimulation of cells, PKC&egr; phosphorylates serine 67 of the AE3 cytoplasmic domain, inducing the Ang II-induced increase in anion transport observed in the hypertrophic myocardium.    \
\
0bb739c4a90fa411afb71bf6435c8b86fa676080 | Activation of the sarcolemmal Na+/H+ exchanger (NHE)1 is increasingly documented as a process involved in cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure. However, whether NHE1 activation alone is sufficient to induce such remodeling remains unknown. We generated transgenic mice that overexpress a human NHE1 with high activity in hearts. The hearts of these mice developed cardiac hypertrophy, contractile dysfunction, and heart failure. In isolated transgenic myocytes, intracellular pH was elevated in Hepes buffer but not in physiological bicarbonate buffer, yet intracellular Na+ concentrations were higher under both conditions. In addition, both diastolic and systolic Ca2+ levels were increased as a consequence of Na+-induced Ca2+ overload; this was accompanied by enhanced sarcoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ loading via Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaMK)II-dependent phosphorylation of phospholamban. Negative force\'96frequency dependence was observed with preservation of high Ca2+, suggesting a decrease in myofibril Ca2+ sensitivity. Furthermore, the Ca2+-dependent prohypertrophic molecules calcineurin and CaMKII were highly activated in transgenic hearts. These effects observed in vivo and in vitro were largely prevented by the NHE1 inhibitor cariporide. Interestingly, overexpression of NHE1 in neonatal rat ventricular myocytes induced cariporide-sensitive nuclear translocation of NFAT (nuclear factor of activated T cells) and nuclear export of histone deacetylase 4, suggesting that increased Na+/H+ exchange activity can alter hypertrophy-associated gene expression. However, in transgenic myocytes, contrary to exclusive translocation of histone deacetylase 4, NFAT only partially translocated to nucleus, possibly because of marked activation of p38, a negative regulator of NFAT signaling. We conclude that activation of NHE1 is sufficient to initiate cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure mainly through activation of CaMKII\'96histone deacetylase pathway. | 0.15462757873558952\
 3962bc65797649c1cb59e613a83ba067ec06a146 | We have reported that norepinephrine (NE) and angiotensin II (Ang II) increase CaM kinase II activity, which, in turn, activates cytosolic phospholipase A2 (PLA2) and releases arachidonic acid. The products of arachidonic acid generated via cytochrome P-450 and lipoxygenase contribute to the development of hypertension and vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) hyperplasia. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether CaM kinase II contributes to VSMC proliferation elicited by NE and Ang II and to hypertension induced by Ang II. NE (1 &mgr;mol/L) and Ang II (1 &mgr;mol/L) increased proliferation of rabbit aortic VSMC as measured by increased [3H]-thymidine incorporation; this effect of NE and Ang II was attenuated 88\'b110% and 64\'b111% by the CaM kinase II inhibitor KN-93, espectively. Infusion of Ang II with miniosmotic pumps (350 ng/min for 6 days) in rats elevated mean arterial pressure (MABP), which was reduced by simultaneous infusion of KN-93 (578 ng/min, for 6 days) (Ang II alone: MABP =174\'b13 mm Hg, n=12 versus Ang II + KN-93: MABP 123\'b15 mm Hg, n=4, P <0.05). Administration of KN-93 as a single bolus injection (16 mg/Kg), but not its vehicle, in Ang II\'96infused hypertensive animals also decreased MABP from 179\'b19 mm Hg to 109\'b16 mm Hg (n=5, P <0.05). CaM kinase II activity was increased in the kidney of Ang II\'96infused hypertensive animals compared with normotensive controls. Treatment with KN-93 reduced CaM kinase II activity and ameliorated the intravascular injury in the kidneys of Ang II\'96infused hypertensive rats. Our data indicate that CaM kinase activation represents an important component of the mechanism(s) initiating VSMC proliferation and the development and maintenance of Ang II\'96induced hypertension in rat|  0.1577558374252771\
\
4a17e8ab104c6903dac74ff14d104c7a0e441d99 | Abstract\'97 Recent studies indicate that cardiac T-type Ca2+ current (ICaT) reappears in hypertrophied ventricular cells. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of angiotensin II (Ang II), a major inducer of cardiac hypertrophy, in the reexpression of T-type channel in left ventricular hypertrophied myocytes. We induced cardiac hypertrophy in rats by abdominal aorta stenosis for 12 weeks and thereafter animals were treated for 2 weeks with losartan (12 mg/kg per day), an antagonist of type 1 Ang II receptors (AT1). In hypertrophied myocytes, we showed that the reexpressed ICaT is generated by the CaV3.1 and CaV3.2 subunits. After losartan treatment, ICaT density decreased from 0.40\'b10.05 pA/pF (n=26) to 0.20\'b10.03 pA/pF (n=27, P <0.01), affecting CaV3.1- and CaV3.2-r\
elated currents. The amount of CaV3.1 mRNA increased during hypertrophy and retrieved its nonhypertrophic level after losartan treatment, whereas the amount of CaV3.2 mRNA was unaffected by stenosis. In cultured newborn ventricular cells, chronic Ang II application (0.1 &mgr;mol/L) also increased ICaT density and CaV3.1 mRNA amount. UO126, a mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase-1/2 (MEK1/2) inhibitor, reduced Ang II\'96increased ICaT density and CaV3.1 mRNA amount. Bosentan, an endothelin (ET) receptor antagonist, reduced Ang II\'96increased ICaT density without affecting the amount of CaV3.1 mRNA. Finally, cotreatment with bosentan and UO126 abolished the Ang II\'96increased ICaT density. Our results show that AT1-activated MEK pathway and autocrine ET-activated independent MEK pathway upregulate T-type channel expression. Ang II\'96increased of ICaT density observed in hypertrophied myocytes may play a role in the pathogenesis of Ca2+ overload and arrhythmias seen in cardiac pathology.  |.1604815032428486\
\
f317186fb4bf481d19716a8a8a9d3514d101488a | Na+\'97Ca2+ exchanger (NCX) protein levels and activity were measured in myocardium from the basal region of the left ventricle of rabbit hearts with significant left ventricular dysfunction (LVD), 8\uc0\u8208 9 weeks after an apical infarction. NCX protein abundance was higher in the tissue homogenates (121 \'b1 11 %) and purified membrane fractions (143 \'b1 12 %) in the LVD compared \
to the sham\uc0\u8208 operated (sham) group. NCX mRNA was also higher in the LVD group (126 %). Lower NCX protein expression was observed in the membrane fractions from the epicardium compared to the endocardium in both the sham and LVD groups. Transmembrane currents were recorded in isolated cardiomyocytes by single\u8208 electrode voltage clamp; [Ca2+]i was measured using Fura\u8208 2. Rapid application of 10 mmol l\u8722 1 caffeine was used to induce Ca2+ release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum. The subsequent NCX\u8208 mediated Ca2+ efflux rate constant was lower (70 % of sham) in the LVD group. NCX currents were measured in cardiomyocytes dialysed with 250 nm Ca2+ (50 mmol l\u8722 1 EGTA). A lower NCX current (75 % \
of sham) was observed in the LVD group. Lower NCX activity was also observed in cardiomyocytes isolated from the epicardium compared to the endocardium; a transmural difference that was also seen in the LVD group. Reduced activity despite increased protein expression may result from reduced Ca2+ sensitivity of the allosteric regulation of NCX. However, measurements indicated increased Ca2+ sensitivity in the LV\
D group. Cardiomyocytes from LVD hearts displayed a marked reduction in the transverse tubule area (59 % of sham) and the surface area/volume ratio (80 % of sham). Disrupted transverse tubule structure may contribute to the decrease in NCX activity despite increased protein expression in LVD.        }