{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  3c4981254fef996d185431e587c5204f411c72a5 | Bilateral vocal cord paralysis in early childhood is a life\uc0\u8208 threatening condition, which often requires immediate intervention. One of the treatment options is a quick, reversible simple suture vocal cord lateralizing technique, whereby the arytenoid cartilage is directly lateralized to the normal abducted position. Considering pediatric laryngeal anatomy, a small endolaryngeal thread guide instrument was designed for precise suture insertion. | 0\
 ff4473e99c316640884eb40329018d7f166680c6 | Bilateral vocal cord paralysis is an extremely rare complication of short-term endotracheal intubation. Its etiology following intubation is likely due to recurrent laryngeal nerve injury on intubation. The anterior ramus of the recurrent laryngeal nerve is especially susceptible to pressure injury in intubated patients. Heliox is reported as a successful means of decreasing the work of breathing in upper airway obstruction via decreases in airway resistance. Two cases of bilateral vocal cord dysfunction following short-term intubation are reported. The first case of bilateral vocal cord paresis treated with Heliox is described. | 0.15796052288403184\
 e3689ed42a50dab5a06d930025740fd1bcb7275a | Phrenic nerve palsy is a rare cause of respiratory distress in a newborn. When conservative measures fail to achieve adequate ventilation, then early surgical plication has been found to be associated with good outcome. We report a case of neonate with phrenic nerve palsy in whom an early thoracoscopic diaphragmatic plication was done.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | 0.17094209180265518\
 ddde2d558f8e82e9fe67cb8af998d9c4f4457a0d | Abstract Tracheo-oesophageal puncture for voice restoration is now established as a common procedure in the postlaryngectomy patient. We present what we believe to be the first recorded case of osteomyelitic cervical cord compression following this technique. This is a potentially fatal complication, but diagnosis and active surgical intervention can result in recovery of full neurological function.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | 0.17098228024803264\
 ce4e6fea7efb9ad5a4c89810543efaf72dfe69f0 | We describe extremely rare cases of vocal cord palsy following surgical insertion of a chemo port. Our cohort consisted of patients with cancer who developed hoarseness immediately after central venous line placement for the administration of chemotherapy, with vocal cord palsy confirmed with flexible laryngoscopy. Given the timing, central venous line placement appears to be the most likely cause. Laryngoscope, 125:2551\'962552, 2015                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 0.17530}