{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30040\viewh16180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 e95267079c3f35af91f48bf0804fdbcbd45eb077 | Elite tennis players place tremendous stress on their elbow. The majority of injuries to the elbow for these athletes consist of overuse type syndromes. This includes lateral epicondylitis, medial tendon injury, or posterior impingement in the majority of cases. Less often, a player may suffer from ulnar nerve or posterior interosseous nerve entrapment or medial collateral ligament insufficiency. All of these disorders are reviewed in detail, including presenting symptoms and signs, physical examination, nonoperative and surgical management, and reported results after treatment.| 0\
 986b04abfd893c02f231ec5d18fb93375023346c | Tennis elbow is a common overuse syndrome. It is accompanied by degenerative changes in the enthesis of the extensor carpi radialis brevis muscle. It may be best diagnosed clinically by eliminating other possible causes of lateral elbow pain. Physical methods should always be selected as initial treatment. Immobilisation is the initial advice that most doctors give: ultrasound has been shown to be effective in a placebo\uc0\u8208 controlled, double\u8208 blind trial, and low energy laser has been found to reduce objective but not subjective symptoms.                                                                                                                                                                                            | 0.13354288837600192\
 aa41bef9202800661e0323327e1cfde257a04325 | out concomitant brachial plexus lesions. Small case series of isolated injuries have thus far demonstrated diverse mechanisms ranging from vigorous exercise to weight lifting, recreational throwing of the football, intraoperative positioning, or direct crush injury. This report describes 2 cases of proximal musculocutaneous nerve palsy in the dominant shoulders of Major League Baseball pitchers. Both injuries occurred during the 2004 season. Both pitchers gave written consent for their inclusion in this report.                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | 0.13695675457925405\
 93dc12f93ebfdcb15d627fbdd9e4fede23ef069f | The mechanism of the overhead action in throwing sports has been studied extensively. This motion is unnatural and highly dynamic, often exceeding the physiological limits of the joint. Owing to overload of various anatomical structures, the shoulder is susceptible to injury. Optimal shoulder function requires good kinetic chain function, optimal stability, and coordination of the scapula in the overhead action. A well balanced action of the rotator cuff muscles and capsular structures is necessary to obtain a stable centre of rotation during the overhead action. This review concerns shoulder injuries, related to the overhead motion in tennis players, which can be explained by the same mechanism as thrower\'92s shoulder. |  0.1475548813082277\
 cc43cfeb1e504982acd5d6a201de02530f5ca144 | Reports of traumatic injury to the anterior lower leg muscles are scarce, with only a handful of reports of traumatic injury to the tibialis anterior. A database search of Medline, Cinhal, and Sports Discus only revealed three such cases, and they did not result from a direct sporting injury. This report documents the case of a traumatic rupture of tibialis anterior muscle in a young female Gaelic football player. It details the surgical repair and management of tibialis anterior muscle and the physiotherapy rehabilitation to full function.                                                                                                                                                                                      | 0.15457026301222643}